README.md, before:

# Apache .htaccess files and result checking script

Check whether your redirections work as expected by comparing to a file
containing expected status codes and headers for URIs.

Redirections will be followed for as many times as responses are defined.

The first mismatch will abort the test.

## Command Line

Simply call

```
./htaccess.py <filename>
```

## File format

Records consisting of Request URIs, followed by one or a sequence of expected
responses, separated by empty lines.

Each response is started by HTTP status and may be followed by HTTP headers.

`#` is used as comment char, if it is the first non-whitespace char on the line.

Lines may be indendet but don't have to.

Example:

```sh
# URI to be requested, including query string
http://example.net
    # Expected HTTP status code of first response
    301
    # Response header to be checked for first response
    Location: https://example.net/
    # Response of follow-up request
    302
    Location: https://example.net/
    # Houston, we have a problem...
    302
    Location: https://example.net/
    302
    302
    302
    # Only status is OK
    302
    # Add more lines if you still want to follow...

# Next check:
https://example.net/file-not-found
    404
    # Site is expected to send a picture on 404 responses
    Content-Type: image/png
    Content-Length: 666
```

Commit message:

Change file format: * Use `<`/`>` to denote request/response * Prepend request method

README.md, after:

# Apache .htaccess files and result checking script

Check whether your `.htaccess` files work as expected by checking against a script
containing request URIs and expected status codes and headers for the response.

Redirections will be followed for as many times as responses are defined.

The first mismatch will abort the test.

## Command Line

Simply call

```
./htaccess.py <filename>
```

## File format

Records consisting of Request Methods/URIs, followed by one or a sequence of
expected responses, separated by empty lines.

Requests are denoted by `<` followed by an (optional) HTTP method and the URI.

Each response is started by `>`. In the first response line this has to be
followed by HTTP status, in subsequent lines HTTP headers my be check as
`Header-Name: value`.

`#` is used as comment char, if it is the first non-whitespace char on the line.

Lines may be indendet but don't have to.

Example:

```sh
# URI to be requested, including query string
< HEAD http://example.net
    # Expected HTTP status code of first response
    > 301
    # Response header to be checked for first response
    > Location: https://example.net/
    # Response of follow-up request
    > 302
    > Location: https://example.net/
    # Houston, we have a problem...
    > 302
    > Location: https://example.net/
    > 302
    > 302
    > 302
    # Only status is OK
    > 302
    # Add more lines if you still want to follow...

# Next check:
< HEAD https://example.net/file-not-found
    > 404
    # Site is expected to send a picture on 404 responses
    > Content-Type: image/png
    > Content-Length: 666
```
